docs: add Nuxt note about public environment variables (#1562)
vuejs/vuefire: docs/nuxt/environment-variables.md

Nuxt VueFire automatically picks up a few environment variables to configure Firebase from your `.env` file. These usually take precedence over other options defined in `nuxt.config.ts`. They usually try to support the existing Firebase environment variables better.

> The VueFire config is treated as public Nuxt config, which means that any env variable [defined using the Nuxt convention](https://nuxt.com/docs/guide/going-further/runtime-config#environment-variables) will automatically be picked up by Nuxt. This means you can add, for example, `NUXT_PUBLIC_VUEFIRE_CONFIG_API_KEY=xyz` to your `.env` file and the value will populate in your app at runtime. You will still need to provide empty string values to the vuefire config to prevent an error during development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since VueFire config is treated as _Public Runtime Config_, it can also be overridden with [env variables by following the Nuxt convention](https://nuxt.com/docs/guide/going-further/runtime-config#environment-variables). For example, an environment variable named `NUXT_PUBLIC_VUEFIRE_CONFIG_API_KEY=xyz` will override the `config.apiKey`.
Note you still need to provide empty string values to each `config` property that is defined this way.
```
